Cluster 171
What are the ingredients of PerioMed 63% fluoride concentrated oral rinse?

Cluster 7
What are the treatments and prognosis for mallet fingers?
What are the treatments for claw hand?
What causes hand pain?
What are the treatments for hand tremors?
What are the treatments for hand tremor?

Cluster 124
Are there assistive devices for Facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy?
What is a locomotor disability and is it related to muscular dystrophy?
Can hypermobility cause developmental coordination disorder?

Cluster 8
Where can I find information and treatment for numbness and tingling in lower right arm?
What are the treatments for pain after hemorrhoidectomy?
How can I find physician(s) or hospital(s) who specialize in rapid methadone withdrawal under anesthesia, and the cost and insurance benefits for the procedure?
What are the causes and treatments for salivary gland swelling and pain?
Are Reclast infusions contraindicated for those with spinal fusion?
What are the complications of varicose vein surgery?

Cluster 35
How long does swelling from sleep apnea take to heal?
How long would I be in the hospital after a hiatal hernia removal?

Cluster 65
Is Tamsulosin gluten-free and where is it manufactured?
What are the ingredients of Azithromycin and is it gluten free?
What are the ingredients of warfarin and it is gluten and dye free?
Do zolmitriptan tablets or zolmitriptan orally disintegrating tablets contain any wheat, rye or barley gluten?
What are the ingredients of Klor-Con M20 and is it gluten free?
What are the ingredients of dextroamphetamine sulfate and is it gluten free?
What are the ingredients of Readi-Cat 2 barium sulfate solution, and is it gluten and dairy free?
What are the ingredients of vistaril and is it gluten and starch free?

Cluster 18
For Topical Cocaine NDC: 0527-1728-74, how long does the dye stay on the skin?
Is lincomycin still prescribed for human use?
What can I do to keep the clonidine transdermal patch secure during swimming?

Cluster 84
Does mayonnaise cause food poisoning?
What does "take with food" mean on medication labels?

Cluster 73
What are the treatments for severe vaginal bleeding?
What causes vaginal itching and what are the treatments?
What are the treatments for sensitive, irritated skin on the penis?
Could blister-like bumps on the inside of the vagina be indicative of veneral disease?

Cluster 53
What are the treatments for heart failure?
What are the treatments for anosmia?
What are the treatments for Ankylosing Spondylitis?
What are the treatments for sciatica?
What are the drug treatments for coronary artery blockage?
What are the treatments for anemia?
What are the treatments for renal amyloidosis?

Cluster 89
Where can I find information on Gastroparesis, tube feeding, and TPN?
Where can I find detailed information about pediatric and gestational nutrition?
Where can I find information on anhedonia?

Cluster 71
Can Testo-XL and Male Libido XL be taken together?
What are the storage requirements for Mefloquine HCL?
Does TEZA manufacture  Diltiazem BVF 120MG?

Cluster 1
What are non-steriod treatments for lichen planus?
What are the active and inactive ingredients of X-OUT WASH-IN TREATMENT- benzoyl peroxide gel?
Is titanium dioxide an inactive ingredient in Equate acetaminophen or Tylenol acetaminophen?
Is gelatin an inactive ingredient of vitamin D and is it pork-free?
Does fluocinolone acetonide ointment .25 mg come in a non-metal tube or other packaging?
What are the inactive ingredients of pramipexole?

Cluster 75
Does Walgreens low dose aspirin contain povidone?
What are the latest evidence based treatments for alcohol and opiate withdrawal?
How is "elderly" defined in drug precautions regarding dosage?

Cluster 54
Does Garcinia Cambogia help weight loss?
I want to lose my obese belly, what do I do?

Cluster 67
What is a good diet plan for high cholesterol and diabetes?
What is the success rate of the modified Atkins diet for epilepsy?

Cluster 114
What are the treatments for severe endometriosis in adolescents?
How is delayed growth diagnosed, and what are treatments for it?

Cluster 50
What are the treatments for IBS?
What new treatments are available for Pelizaeus-Merzbacher leukodystrophy?
What is the latest research on klippel-trenaunay syndrome, and what are the treatments for it?
What are the treatments for genetic mutation STXBP1?

Cluster 156
What are the stages of chronic kidney disease based on GFR results?
What is the prognosis and potential complications of a kidney transplant?
Can a kidney stone affect the serum creatinine result?
How do I care for my kidney after renal transplant?
What are the treatments for kidney stones?

Cluster 57
What are the side effects of bupropion, including an increased risk of cancer?
What are the side effects of bedlam insecticide?

Cluster 173
Where can I purchase BAC (echinacea angustifolia, hydrastis canadensis, lomatium myrrha, nasturtium aquaticum, propolis,) liquid and how much does it cost?
Where can I find information on albinism?

Cluster 44
Who manufactures cetirizine?
Who makes nulytely, and where can I buy it?
Why and how does Isotretinoin build up in the body?
Where can I find information on risperidone, including how it is manufactured?

Cluster 40
What causes cervical cancer, and is it hereditary?
What are the types of sickle cell anemia and how is it inherited?
What is the risk of developing  pancreatic cancer and how is it inherited?

Cluster 143
What are the treatments for chronic anal fissure?
What are the treatments for retinitis pigmentosa?
What are the causes of testicular pain?
What are treatments for pectus excavatum?

Cluster 151
Can methotrexate be transmitted via bodily fluid or skin contact?
Where can I get information on otic suspensions for human use?

Cluster 14
What are the side effects of allopurinol?
Does Lovaza contain vitamin A?
What are the normal ranges for urea and uric acid, and what are the treatments for high levels of urea and uric acid?
Are lisinopril, metoprolol and Amlodipine taken together for high blood pressure, and what does each one do?
Is blurred vision a side effect of Mylan Indapamide?

Cluster 108
Are there adverse effects of long term Theophylline use, and how should Theophylline be stopped?
What are the side effects of tecfidera and when to stop taking it?
How long do side effects of Tamoifen last after stopping the drug?
How do I stop taking oxycodone?

Cluster 80
Can whole exome sequencing be used to diagnose the cause of cerebral palsy?
How long will it take the FDA to approve the cross linking procedure for Keratoconus and are there any clinical trials?
Where can I find information on treatments for cerebral palsy, and specifically the vojta method and bobath therapy?

Cluster 158
What are the risks that come with genetically engineered food, and how is the modification actually conducted?

Cluster 99
What are treatments for excessive sweating?
Is sweating normal during stage five kidney failure?

Cluster 78
Where can I find support groups for people with Frontometaphyseal dysplasia?
Where can I find information on Idiopathic hypertrophic subaortic stenosis (IHSS) and Wolff-Parkinson-White (WPW) syndrome?
Where can I find information on stroke resources, including mobility equipment and caregiver support groups?
Where can I find information about Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy, specifically mode of inheritance, symptoms, treatments/ support groups, and relative cost to family?

Cluster 34
Can medications cause vitamin depletion?
What does w/exertion mean on a prescription for oxygen?
What are the causes of high vitamin D levels?

Cluster 100
What are the treatments for body weakness?
What are the causes of severe body weakness?
Can long term use of steriods cause muscle weakness, and what are the treatments for it?

Cluster 21
What is the NDC code for 1 mg Testosterone Cypionate injection?
What are the recommended dosages for BRONCOMAR MAXIMUM-dextromethorphan hydrobromide and guaifenesin liquid?
What are dosage guidelines for Daytrana?
What are alternatives to phenobarbital?
How do I use a spacer with the symbicort inhaler?
Are there drug interactions between Hydrochlorothiazide and Tegretol or Lamictal?

Cluster 38
What are the treatments for hereditary angioedema?
What are the treatments for lazy eye?
What are the causes and treatments for eye floaters?
What are treatments for Achromobacter xylosoxidans colonisation?

Cluster 113
What are the treatments for mercury poisoning?
When are the tests and treatments for carbon monoxide exposure necessary?

Cluster 97
Where can I find information on drug-induced asthma?
What are the symptoms of asthma?

Cluster 117
What are other names for percutaneous nephrolithotomy or nephrostomy?
What are the inheritnce patterns of Downs Syndrome, Wolf Hirschhorn Syndrome, and 46xy, 46xxy, 46xxxy mosaicism?

Cluster 138
Can symptoms of trigeminal neuralgia be exacerbated by head trauma?
Can surgical bunion removal exacerbate neuropathic pain and/or cause multiple sclerosis?
Where can I find information on vagus nerve stimulation for the treatment of depression and migraines?

Cluster 94
Is there a blood test for chickenpox and who should get vaccinated?
Where can I find information on chickenpox vaccination schedules?

Cluster 23
Where can I find information on conditions caused by SNPs BCMO1 rs 4889294 and BCMO1 R267S rs 12934922, and what are the treatments for them?
How do I find case studies in PubMed on loin pain hematuria syndrome and renal denervation?
Where can I find information on adrenoleukodystrophy?
Where can I find information on pseudocholinesterase deficiency icluding treatment?
Where can I find information on achondroplasia, including prenatal diagnosis and prognosis?
Where can I find information on abetalipoproteinemia, including diagnosis and treatment?
Where can I find information on and treatments for meesmann corneal dystrophy?

Cluster 86
What anti-depressant fdrugs do not contain soy as an inactive ingredient?
What are the ingredients of Kapvay and is it free of sulfites, sulfates, and sulfa?

Cluster 52
What states allow physician assisted suicide?
What is the late failure rate of vasectomy?

Cluster 29
What is the prognosis for Rocky Mountain Spotted fever and lyme disease?
What causes pulmonary artery sling?
What are the symptoms of lupus?
Where can I find information on lupus and what are the treatments for it?

Cluster 130
How can I locate a support group for patients with taste and smell disorders?
Where can I find support groups for people with digestive disorders?

Cluster 125
What are the treatments for optic nerve atrophy?
What are the treatments for optic nerve atrhrophy and how much do they cost?

Cluster 13
Where can I find information on hypotension?
Where can I find information on htlv-1?
Where can I find information on familial mediterranean fever?
Where can I find information on periventricular heterotopia, including the latest research?
Where can I find information on folgard OS in USA?

Cluster 148
What are the treatments for low HDL cholesterol?
What are the treatments for low blood pressure?
What are the causes and best treatments for low platelet counts?

Cluster 137
What birth defects are associated with taking bendectin during pregnancy and are there any treatments?
What iare anti-Kidd antibodies and how can they efeect pregnancy?

Cluster 88
What are the treatments for itchy skin?
What are the treatments for pimples?
What are the treatments for scalp psoriasis?

Cluster 120
What are the treatments for erectile dysfunction?
What are the treatments for erectile dysfunction?
What are the treatments for erectile dysfunction?
What are the treatments for erectile dysfunction?
What are the treatments for erection problems?

Cluster 141
What causes genital sores?
Can masturbation cause erectile dysfunction?

Cluster 147
What is the recovery time and prognosis for thoracotomy for collapsed lung?
What are the success rate and prognosis for thoracic outlet syndrome surgery?
What is the normal time course and symptoms of recovery from simple retropubic prostatectomy?

Cluster 43
Where could the transdermal scopolamine patch be applied besides behind the ear?
Can Benadryl gel or something else be used for scratches on baby’s face?

Cluster 107
What are the treatments for breathing difficulties?
What are techniques for  proper breathing?

Cluster 11
Are there clinical trials for hip replacement with Parkinson's disease?
What are the latest treatments for Parkinsons disease?
What is the latest research on IBS and the link to PTSD?
What are the treatments for joint pain?

Cluster 56
What are the treatments for pneumonia?
What are the treatments for lung fluid retention after two years of anti-tuberculosis treatment?
What are the treatments for citrobacter freundii infection?
What is the prognosis for cystic fibrosis after double lung transplant?
What are the treatments for tuberculosis, and is it contagious?

Cluster 9
Where can I find information and educational materials on williams syndrome?
What resources are available  for Alzheimer's caregivers?

Cluster 12
How often can pupil dilation be performed?
Are there any researchers interested in testing a family with ADD and low IQ for fragile X?

Cluster 63
How is G6PD deficiency inherited and diagnosed, and what are the treatments for it?
Where can I find information on autonomic disorder, including symptoms, treatment, and prognosis?
Where can I get information about treatment for T-6 and T-7 fracture paraplegia?
What are the treatments and prognosis for a small GIST?

Cluster 106
Where can I find information on developmental disorders of the female reproductive system?
Where can I find information on treatment and resources for gender dysphoria?

Cluster 62
What percent of babies who contracted measles will eventually develop SSPE?
What are the guidelines for updating pneumococcal polysaccharide 23 vaccine for persons 65 and over?

Cluster 4
What are treatments for adenomyosis, and how can I find physician(s) who specialize in it?
How can I find physician(s)  who specialize in trichorhinophalangeal syndrome?
How can I find physician(s) who specialize in strabismus surgery near Nashville TN?
What are the treatments for progressive supranuclear palsy and how can I find physician(s) who specialize in it?
How can I find physician(s) who specialize in osteonecrosis?
How can I find physician(s) who specialize in limb-girdle muscular dystrophy?
How can I find physician(s) in the DC area who specialize in esophageal disorders?
Where can I find the latest research on surgery for groin hernia, and and how can I find physician(s) in Palm Springs who specialize in it?
How can I find physician(s) who specialize in Common peroneal nerve dysfunction?
What are the treatments for purpura and how can I find physician(s) who specialize in it?
Where can I find information on perirenal abscess, and how can I find physician(s) or hospital(s) who specialize in it?

Cluster 39
What are the treatments for stage 3/4 pancreatic cancer?
Where can I find information on stage three kidney failure and what are the nutritional guidelines for it?
What are the treatments for pancreatic adenocarcinoma?
Are there clinical trials for patients with Hepatitis C genotype 3A?

Cluster 27
What causes bleeding under the skin?
What are the causes of bruxism?
What causes lumps on the arm?

Cluster 95
What is the procedure for inserting a shunt to relieve high fluid pressure in the brain?
Is stem cell therapy used to regrow foreskin?
What is the latest research on using pluripotent stem cells and acellular matrix for  bladder regeneration?

Cluster 155
What nutritional drinks do not contain vitamin K?
Can I experience symptoms of vitamin b12 deficiency and have normal levels of the vitamin?

Cluster 166
When is shingles contagious?
When is shingles contagious?

Cluster 170
Is mylostat 500 a treatment for Beta Thalassemia Major?
Where can I find information on tay sachs disease and clubfoot, including prevalence, causes, prevention, treatments, and tratment costs?

Cluster 144
What are the guidelines on wine consumption?

Cluster 79
What prosthetic foot is better for lower amputation: echelon prosthetic foot or  kinterra prosthetic foot?
Is there a treatment to transplant or make amputated legs grow back?
Where can I find information on leg shortening surgery, including risks, cost, and recovery time?
Is leg shortening surgery performed to reduce body height?

Cluster 83
Where can I find information on rectal prolapse surgery?
Where can I find information on distal renal tubular acidosis?
Where can I find information on rectal damage caused by anal sex?
Where can I find information on tubal ligation reversal?

Cluster 26
Where can I find information about stem cell therapy for multiple sclerosis?
What new treatments are available for systemic sclerosis and scleroderma skin ulcers?
What are the treatments for MS?
What are the treatments for cryptococcal meningitis?
Can multiple sclerosis be cured?
What are the treatments for metastatic malignant melanoma?

Cluster 122
How is hemophilia diagnosed, and are there genetic tests for it?
Where can I get genetic testing for william's syndrome?

Cluster 24
Which organizations provide support for Tetralogy of Fallot in Peru?
What are age-specific reference ranges for PSA?

Cluster 134
What are the treatments for nystagmus and can it be cured?
What are the treatments for nutcracker syndrome?
What are the treatments for nocturia?

Cluster 5
What are the tratments for cinca syndrome?
Where can I find information on 16p-13.11 duplication, including symptoms?
How to treat crossed eyes?

Cluster 118
How can I get help for attachment disorder?
How can I learn how to live with a handicap?

Cluster 6
Where can I find information about Beckwith-Wieddeman Syndrome?
Where can I find information on Best disease, including inheritance patterns?
Where can I find information on kartagener's syndrome and its symptoms, including  fertility?
Where can I find information on Fragile X sydrome and inheritance patterns?

Cluster 3
What are the treatments for facial tumors, and how can I find physician(s) who specialize in it in Nigeria?
How can I find physician(s) or hospital(s) who specialize in hemifacial microsomnia?
How can I find physician(s) or hospital(s) who specialize in mucha habermann disease?
How can I find physician(s) or hospital(s) in Boston who specialize in thalidomide treatments for melanoma?
How can I find  rheumatologist(s) who specialize in mixed connective tissue disease in Latin America?
How can I find physician(s) or hospital(s) who specialize in oppositional defiant disorder and autism?
Where can I get information on the genetic abnormality 46,X,dir dup(X)(q13-q26), and  and how can I find physician(s) in the UK who specialize in genetic abnormalities?

Cluster 31
What is the normal dosage of levothyroxine for hypothyroidism?
Where can I find information on surgery for thyroid cancer, including recovery and prognosis?
Can you recommend any treatment for neck and shoulder problems following radical neck dissection for thyroid cancer?
Where can I find information on hypothyroidism and its causes?
What are normal thyroid levels, and can thyroid problems cause body tremors?

Cluster 123
How long does it take to get a hepatitus A blood test result?
How long does it take for Platelet count to return to normal after an Infection in a 1-week-old infant?

Cluster 36
What is the latest research on ovary removal as a treatment for PCOS?
What new treatments are available for colon cancer?

Cluster 22
What are the treatments for neck lumps or neck tumors?
What are the treatments for stiff neck?
What is the latest research on D-Limonene as a treatment for skin cancer?
What are the latest treatments for recurrent lipoma of the arm?

Cluster 150
How is asbestosis diagnosed?
Where can I get information about esophageal candidiasis?

Cluster 164
Is natalizumab an effective treatment for ALS?
Is dalfampridine an effective treatment for spinal muscular atrophy?

Cluster 49
What are the causes of frozen shoulder, and is there a genetic predisposition?
What are the treatments for cold sore?
What are the treatments for broken shoulder?

Cluster 25
Is Tolnaftate prescribed for toenail fungus?
What are the treatments for leg cramps aside from potassium chloride and Gatoraid?
What are the treatments for fungus on my leg that does not respond to OTC topical antifungals?
Are there any contraindications to taking glucosamine in addition to PRGF treatment for knee osteoarthritis and chondropathia?

Cluster 51
What are the tests and treatments for polyuria?
What are the treatments for demyelinating sensorimotor neuropathy?
What causes antiphospholipid syndrome and what are the treatments for it?
What is the latest research on and treatments for intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasm (IPMN)?

Cluster 116
Is MRSA contagious, and how is it spread?
Is MSA disease hereditary?

Cluster 139
Where can I get genetic testing for IHSS in Texas?
Where can I find information on chromosome 7?
Where can I find information on genetic testing for UGT abnormalities?

Cluster 74
What are the survival and recurrence rates for cancer?
What are the treatment options after breast cancer surgery in elderly?

Cluster 66
What is the best treatment for non-toxic goiter?
What is exon skipping, and is it an effective treatment for  duchenne muscular dystrophy?
What are the non-surgical treatments for nodular goiter and where can I find a specialist to treat it?

Cluster 131
Is stem cell therapy appropriate for stage 4 rhabdomyosarcoma in remission?
Can TDM-1 drug be used to treat brain/lung metastatic cancer?
Will a low red blood count return to normal after the responsible medication is stopped?

Cluster 48
What are treatments for paralysis after stroke approved by FDA?
Where can I find information on physical therapy after acute stroke?
What is the prognosis and course of recovery after stroke?
What are treatment options for recovery of limb use after a brain cancer operation?
What is the recovery time and expected activities for hip replacement surgery and a broken femur?

Cluster 140
How is the HIV virus transmitted?
What are the treatments for HIV/AIDS?
Where can I find support groups for people with HIV/AIDS?

Cluster 112
Why is my blood a light red?

Cluster 159
How long should you wait to take thyroid medication after eating?

Cluster 77
How is Megalencephalic leukoencephalopathy with subcortical cysts (MLC) inherited?
Can Rizatriptan cause glaucoma?

Cluster 115
Where can I find information on upper abdominal pain, including diagnosis and treatment?
What are the causes of abdominal pain and swelling?

Cluster 111
Can Cymbalta cause curvature of the spine?
What are the side effects of barium sulfate?

Cluster 61
What are the long-term effects of lead poisoning, and how can they be treated?
What is the long-term prognosis and complications of pyloric stenosis?
What is the prognosis for untreated periodontitis?

Cluster 81
Where can I get help with a facial dark spot in Hyderabad?
What options are available for scar repair?

Cluster 96
Where can I find information about Arrhythmia and Fibromyalgia?
What are the treatments for Fibromyalgia?
Is fibromyalgia hereditary and related to multiple sclerosis and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis?

Cluster 82
Where can I find information and help for stuttering?
Where can I get help with a weight-loss diet?
Where can I get information on forgetfulness, and what resources are available for combating it?

Cluster 10
What are the treatments for speech disorders?
What are the treatments for congenital hearing loss?
What are the causes and treatments of ear pain, itching, and ringing?
What are the treatments for voice disorders caused by ALS?

Cluster 45
What are alternatives to RXS treatment for Glioblastoma?
What are the treatments for lactose intolerance and can it be cured?
What is Nephrotic Syndrome, its causes and cures?
What generic options are avilable for estradiol in patch, gel, or cream form?

Cluster 133
What causes hypertension and diabetes and what are the treatments for them?
What causes a rise in blood pressure when asleep?
What are drug treatments for high blood pressure and minor stroke in elderly?
What are the treatments for high blood pressure?

Cluster 92
Is EPI743 an effective treatment for leigh syndrome?
What are the causes of loss of ear pressure and can it heal itself?

Cluster 152
What are natural remedies for difficulty walking?

Cluster 135
What are the inheritance patterns for senior loken syndrome?
What is the inheritance pattern of Factor five?

Cluster 128
What are the treatment for sensory loss in legs?
What are the treatments for leg nerves?

Cluster 127
Can I wash my hair if I have shingles on my head?

Cluster 58
Is there a connection between tourette syndrome and hydrocephalus?
What is the difference between residual and recurrent maligancy?

Cluster 19
What is the prognosis for polymicrogyria?
What glucosamine sulfate is manufactured only from shellfish shells?

Cluster 30
Are endometriosis and cysts possible complications of NF1?
What are the complication of central venous catheters?

Cluster 90
Is gene therapy available for Pallido Ponto Nigral Degeneration?
Where can I find informaton on gene mutations and congestive heart failure?
Where can I find information about CTNNB1 mutation?

Cluster 172
What could cause part of chromosome 6 missing?

Cluster 60
What are the treatments for hernia?
What exercises will help hiatal hernia?

Cluster 69
What are the treatments for shingles pain?
Should someone who had shingles get the vaccine?
Do detergents exacerbate shingles pain?

Cluster 154
What are the treatments for bleach poisoning?
Can I put bleach on bed sores?

Cluster 169
How is angelman syndrome inherited?

Cluster 174
What are the risks of in vitro fertilization and how much does it cost?

Cluster 17
Can vision loss due to meningitis be restored?
Will surgical mesh show up or interfere in a CT scan?

Cluster 37
Where can I purchase topical gabapentin cream and do I need a prescription?
Can I take Metformin pills given to me by someone else?
Where can I find information on clonidine, including dosage, pediatric use, and side effects?
What drugs should people with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease (CMT) avoid?

Cluster 153
What clinical trials are available for hepatitis C?
Is there a prophylactic drug for exposure to hepatitis C?
Should high Alkaline Phosphatase be treated and can I start treatment for hepatitis C?
Is there a cure for hepatitis B?
What new treatments are available for recurrent hepatitis C?

Cluster 163
What are the treatments for skin keloids?
What are the latest treatments for facials keloids?

Cluster 162
Where can I find information on  lewy body dementia?
Where can I find information on early onset dementia, and how can I find physician(s) who specialize in it in North Carolina?

Cluster 103
What are the treatments for anxiety, heartburn, and loss of appetite?
What foods to  avoid with epstein barr virus and abdominal pain?

Cluster 2
What are the treatments for leg edema?
What causes pitting edema?
What does vomiting blood clots indicate?

Cluster 64
Should I exercise with Zoster virus?
What causes jerking movements during exercise?
When can I resume exercising  after eye muscle surgery?

Cluster 46
What are the treatments for strabismus, including stem cell therapies?
What are the treatments for spina bifida, vertebral fusion, and syrinx tethered cord?
What are the causes of and treatments for eleveted ALT and AST?

Cluster 142
What are the treatments for burning mouth syndrome?
What are the treatments for mouth ulcers?

Cluster 146
What is BCG treatment, and is it an effective treatment for bladder cancer?
When do you seek medical care for urinary retention after catheter removal?

Cluster 15
Are there alternative treatments to finasteride for enlarged prostate?
Can Phentermine be used for pain relief?
What are alternative treatments to Ketoconazole for jock itch?
Are there treatments for a pruritic rash other than topical creams and steroids?

Cluster 42
Where can I find information on fluticasone, includingusage and side effects?
Where can I find information on russell-silver syndrome?
Where can I find information and images on ectopic kidneys?
Where can I find information on laparoscopic splenectomy, including cost?
Where can I find information on clinical trials for sofosbuvir?

Cluster 41
Should a Qvar inhaler be shaken before use?
Can high ammonia levels in the blood affect breathing?
What could cause shortness of breath in the mornings?

Cluster 119
What are the differences between apraxia and dyspraxia?
Where can I find information on dystonia, including prognosis?
Where can I find information on anorexia nervosa?
What is the prognosis of cerebral aneurysm?

Cluster 104
Is there is a c-pap battery pack that could be used in power outage events?
Can zinc and zinc citrate be taken together?

Cluster 105
What teeth replacements are better for sjogren's: implants or dentures?
Can shingles affect the teeth and gums?

Cluster 93
Is Inderal 40 mg  twice a day equivalent to 80mg time release once a day?

Cluster 91
Is stem cell therapy a treatment for Wilson's disease, and how can I find physician(s) or hospital(s) in Mongolia who specialize in it?
What is the latest research on treatments for hepatocellular carcinoma, including hemp oil?

Cluster 101
Where can I find information on ankle implant removal, including recovery and prognosis?
What are the causes and treatments for ankle swelling and pain?
Where can I find information on leg swelling and treatments?
Where can I find information on physical therapy for ankle arthritis?

Cluster 129
Is Astigmatism related to Aarskog Syndrome?
How and where is Adult Progressive Spinal Muscular Atrophy diagnosed?

Cluster 102
What are the treatments for caustic soda poisoning?
Can soda be used as the glucose test drink?

Cluster 165
How is neurofibromatosis type 2 inherited  and what are the treatments for it?
How is MSUD inherited and what are the treatments for it?

Cluster 20
What are the treatments for flatulance?
What are the treatments for ascites?
What are the treatments for balance disorder?

Cluster 76
What are the causes of  and treatments for microcytic anemia?
Has any research been done to characterize which treatment types are effective against which migraine types?
What treatments are available for  pain associated with Polycythemia Vera?

Cluster 68
What is the latest research on concussions and head trauma in women?
Where can I find information on a baby's skull not closing completely during pregnancy?
How is brain injury diagnosed, especially non-imaging techniques?

Cluster 59
What antacid is the closest one to Titralac?
What is the difference between Novolin and Novolog and are they interchangeable?

Cluster 55
What are the risks of smoking?
What are the dangers to children of secondhand smoke residue?
What are the adverse effects of coal oil?

Cluster 132
What are the treatments for LGMD?
What are the treatments for ILD?

Cluster 167
What are the treatments for punctured eardrum?
What are the treatments for perforated eardrum?

Cluster 149
What are the treatments for irregular periods?
What are the treatments for irregular bowel movements?

Cluster 72
Does trauma worsen McArdle disease?
Can complex regional pain syndrome cause bone fractures?

Cluster 126
How can I find dentist(s) to treat toothaches in Puerto Rico?
What is the latest research on stem cell bioengineering of a human whole tooth, including progress and availability?

Cluster 33
What is the maximum dosage of metformin?
Are there any precautions for mixing or administering Fomepizole?

Cluster 28
What is the prognosis of rubella in a child?
What are the inheritance patterns for pierre robins syndrome?

Cluster 70
Where can I get information and help for "NUT tumor" in the spine?
What are the treatments for tarlov cysts, especially in the thoracic spine?
Is Salinomycin a treatment for breast cancer?
What are the treatments for brain tumors and spinal tumors?
What causes fibroid tumors on the spine?

Cluster 32
Is there an alternative source for Cytra-K Crystals besides Cypress Pharmaceuticals?
What is the life expectancy of someone with free trisomy 13?
What is the prognosis for someone with homozygous MTHFR A1298C?

Cluster 85
What  are the causes  and treatments of chronic chest pain with cardiomegaly?
What causes sudden chest pain and what are the treatments?
What causes congenital diaphragmatic hernia and what lung complications could arise?

Cluster 47
After a miscarriage of a fetus with trisomy 8 and 15, what are the chances of a successful pregnancy?
Where can I find information on teen pregnancy?

Cluster 161
What are the complications of type 1 diabetes?
What causes type 1 diabetes in children?
Where can I find information on diabetes insipidus?
Can type 2 diabetes cause blurry vision, and what are the treatments for it?

Cluster 98
What are the treatments for X-linked congenital stationary night blindness?
What are treatments for insomnia?
What are causes of and treatment for chronic insomnia?

Cluster 87
What are the treatments for low sperm count?
Who is doing research on hydatidiform mole?

Cluster 175
What are the symptoms of generalized anxiety disorder and when should I contact my doctor to discuss my symptoms?
How can I find geriatric psychiatrists in Sun City West Arizona?

Cluster 16
What is the half life of Chlordiazepoxide?
How do I dispose of hydrogen peroxide?

Cluster 160
What resources are available for overweight children with suicidal behavior?

Cluster 110
What are the ingredients of coenzyme q10?
What are the ingredients of liquid fluoxetine HCL?

Cluster 168
How can I find someone doing research on technologies for the blind, and what are the treatments for blindness?

Cluster 136
For how long can Gabapentin be stored at room temperature?

Cluster 157
How is thrush transmitted?

Cluster 109
Are jumping genes [transposons] associated with Lynch syndrome?

Cluster 145
What is the best latitude for someone with Fitzpatrick type III skin?

Cluster 121
Where can I find information on the different types of leukemia, including causes, treatment, prognosis, diagnosis, symptoms, and inheritance?
What are the differences between lymphocytic and myelogenous leukemia?

