Cluster 5
What are the ingredients of PerioMed 63% fluoride concentrated oral rinse?
Does Lovaza contain vitamin A?
What are the normal ranges for urea and uric acid, and what are the treatments for high levels of urea and uric acid?

Cluster 38
What are the treatments and prognosis for disease?
What are the treatments for severe disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What causes disease and what are the treatments?
What are the treatments for disease or disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the tests and treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the causes and treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What causes disease and disease and what are the treatments for them?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease, disease, and disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the causes and treatments for disease and disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What causes disease and what are the treatments for it?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What is disease, its causes and cures?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease and disease?
What are the causes and treatments for disease and disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are treatments for disease?
What are treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease caused by disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease?
Can disease cause disease, and what are the treatments for it?

Cluster 50
Are there assistive devices for disease?
What are the treatments for disease and how much do they cost?
What are the treatments for HIV/disease?
What are the treatments for disease, and is it contagious?
What are the treatments for metastatic disease?

Cluster 127
Where can I find information and treatment for disease and disease in lower right arm?
What are the treatments for disease after hemorrhoidectomy?
What are the treatments and prognosis for a small disease?
What are the latest treatments for recurrent disease of the arm?

Cluster 129
How long does swelling from disease take to heal?
How long would I be in the hospital after a disease removal?

Cluster 44
Is Tamsulosin gluten-free and where is it manufactured?
What are the ingredients of Azithromycin and is it gluten free?
What are the ingredients of warfarin and it is gluten and dye free?
Do zolmitriptan tablets or zolmitriptan orally disintegrating tablets contain any wheat, rye or barley gluten?
What are the ingredients of Klor-Con M20 and is it gluten free?
What are the ingredients of dextroamphetamine sulfate and is it gluten free?
What are the ingredients of Readi-Cat 2 barium sulfate solution, and is it gluten and dairy free?
What are the ingredients of vistaril and is it gluten and starch free?

Cluster 19
For Topical Cocaine NDC: 0527-1728-74, how long does the dye stay on the skin?
Is lincomycin still prescribed for human use?
What can I do to keep the clonidine transdermal patch secure during swimming?

Cluster 110
Does mayonnaise cause disease?

Cluster 18
Where can I find information on disease, tube feeding, and TPN?
Where can I find information on conditions caused by SNPs BCMO1 rs 4889294 and BCMO1 R267S rs 12934922, and what are the treatments for them?
Where can I find information on fluticasone, includingusage and side effects?
Where can I find information on treatments for disease, and specifically the vojta method and bobath therapy?
Where can I get information about treatment for disease and T-7 disease disease?
Where can I find information on clinical trials for sofosbuvir?

Cluster 32
Can Testo-XL and Male Libido XL be taken together?
What are the storage requirements for Mefloquine HCL?
Does TEZA manufacture  Diltiazem BVF 120MG?

Cluster 27
What are non-steriod treatments for disease?
Are disease and cysts possible complications of disease?
What are the non-surgical treatments for disease and where can I find a specialist to treat it?
How is disease diagnosed, especially non-imaging techniques?

Cluster 52
Does Walgreens low dose aspirin contain povidone?
Is gelatin an inactive ingredient of vitamin D and is it pork-free?
Does fluocinolone acetonide ointment .25 mg come in a non-metal tube or other packaging?

Cluster 7
Does Garcinia Cambogia help weight loss?
Where can I get help with a weight-loss diet?
Where can I get information on forgetfulness, and what resources are available for combating it?

Cluster 58
What is a good diet plan for high cholesterol and disease?
What is the success rate of the modified Atkins diet for disease?

Cluster 104
What are the treatments for severe disease in adolescents?
What is the prognosis of disease in a child?
What causes disease in children?

Cluster 15
What are the stages of disease based on GFR results?
How is delayed growth diagnosed, and what are treatments for it?
What are the symptoms of generalized disease and when should I contact my doctor to discuss my symptoms?

Cluster 35
What are the side effects of bupropion, including an increased risk of disease?
What are the side effects of bedlam insecticide?
Can surgical bunion removal exacerbate disease and/or cause disease?
What is BCG treatment, and is it an effective treatment for disease?

Cluster 30
Where can I purchase BAC (echinacea angustifolia, hydrastis canadensis, lomatium myrrha, nasturtium aquaticum, propolis,) liquid and how much does it cost?
What are the recommended dosages for BRONCOMAR MAXIMUM-dextromethorphan hydrobromide and guaifenesin liquid?
What are the treatments for disease aside from potassium chloride and Gatoraid?
What generic options are avilable for estradiol in patch, gel, or cream form?

Cluster 10
Who manufactures cetirizine?
Who makes nulytely, and where can I buy it?
Why and how does Isotretinoin build up in the body?
Where can I find information on risperidone, including how it is manufactured?

Cluster 69
What causes disease, and is it hereditary?
Is disease hereditary and related to disease and disease?
Is disease disease hereditary?

Cluster 21
What is a disease and is it related to disease?
Can symptoms of disease be exacerbated by disease?
What causes disease?
What causes disease?
What are the causes of disease?
Is there a connection between disease and disease?
What are the differences between disease and disease?
What are the symptoms of disease?
What are the causes of disease and disease?
Is disease related to disease?
What are the causes of disease?
Does disease worsen disease?
What are the complications of disease?
Can disease cause disease?
Can disease cause disease?
What are the differences between disease?

Cluster 107
Can methotrexate be transmitted via bodily fluid or skin contact?
Where can I get information on otic suspensions for human use?

Cluster 3
What are the side effects of allopurinol?
Are there clinical trials for hip replacement with Parkinson's disease?
What causes lumps on the arm?
Are lisinopril, metoprolol and Amlodipine taken together for high blood pressure, and what does each one do?
What causes a rise in blood pressure when asleep?
What are drug treatments for high blood pressure and disease in elderly?
Is disease a side effect of Mylan Indapamide?

Cluster 56
Are there adverse effects of long term Theophylline use, and how should Theophylline be stopped?
What are the side effects of tecfidera and when to stop taking it?
How long do side effects of Tamoifen last after stopping the drug?
How do I stop taking oxycodone?

Cluster 87
Can whole exome sequencing be used to diagnose the cause of disease?
Is EPI743 an effective treatment for disease?
What is the best latitude for someone with disease?

Cluster 11
What are the risks that come with genetically engineered food, and how is the modification actually conducted?
What foods to  avoid with disease and disease?

Cluster 47
How can I find physician(s) or hospital(s) who specialize in rapid methadone withdrawal under anesthesia, and the cost and insurance benefits for the procedure?
Where can I find information on disease surgery?
Where can I find information on surgery for disease, including recovery and prognosis?
What are the treatment options after disease surgery in elderly?

Cluster 25
What are the treatments for claw hand?
Where can I get help with a facial dark spot in Hyderabad?
How to treat crossed eyes?

Cluster 122
Where can I find support groups for people with disease?
How can I locate a support group for patients with disease?
Where can I find support groups for people with disease?
Where can I find support groups for people with HIV/disease?

Cluster 77
Can medications cause vitamin depletion?
Can I experience symptoms of disease and have normal levels of the vitamin?
What are the causes of high vitamin D levels?

Cluster 22
What are the treatments for body weakness?
What are the causes of severe body disease?
What causes disease under the skin?

Cluster 8
What is the NDC code for 1 mg Testosterone Cypionate injection?
What are alternatives to phenobarbital?
How do I use a spacer with the symbicort inhaler?
Can soda be used as the glucose test drink?

Cluster 113
Where can I find information on drug-induced disease?
Where can I find information on  disease?
Where can I find information on distal disease?

Cluster 23
What are other names for percutaneous nephrolithotomy or nephrostomy?
What are the inheritnce patterns of disease, disease, and 46xy, 46xxy, 46xxxy mosaicism?
What are the treatments for disease, vertebral fusion, and syrinx tethered cord?
Are Reclast infusions contraindicated for those with spinal fusion?

Cluster 131
Is there a blood test for disease and who should get vaccinated?
Where can I find information on disease vaccination schedules?
What are the guidelines for updating pneumococcal polysaccharide 23 vaccine for persons 65 and over?

Cluster 119
What anti-depressant fdrugs do not contain soy as an inactive ingredient?
What nutritional drinks do not contain vitamin K?
What are the ingredients of Kapvay and is it free of sulfites, sulfates, and sulfa?

Cluster 16
What states allow physician assisted suicide?
What is the late failure rate of vasectomy?

Cluster 86
What is the prognosis for disease and disease?
How is disease diagnosed?
What is the prognosis for untreated disease?
What is the prognosis for disease?
What is the prognosis of disease?

Cluster 78
Where can I find information on disease?
Where can I find information about disease?
Where can I find information on disease?
Where can I find information on disease?
Where can I find information on disease?
Where can I find information on disease?
Where can I find information on disease?
Where can I get information about disease?
Where can I find information on disease?
Where can I find information on disease?

Cluster 68
What are the treatments for low HDL cholesterol?
What are the treatments for high blood pressure?
What are the treatments for low blood pressure?
What are the causes and best treatments for low platelet counts?

Cluster 83
What disease are associated with taking bendectin during pregnancy and are there any treatments?
What iare anti-Kidd antibodies and how can they efeect pregnancy?

Cluster 101
What is the recovery time and prognosis for thoracotomy for collapsed lung?
What are the treatments for disease, especially in the thoracic spine?
What causes disease on the spine?

Cluster 29
Where could the transdermal scopolamine patch be applied besides behind the ear?
Can Benadryl gel or something else be used for scratches on baby’s face?

Cluster 34
Where can I find information on disease (disease) and Wolff-Parkinson-White (WPW) syndrome?
What are the treatments for disease, and how can I find physician(s) who specialize in it in Nigeria?
Where can I find information on early onset disease, and how can I find physician(s) who specialize in it in North Carolina?
How can I find  rheumatologist(s) who specialize in disease in Latin America?
Where can I get information on the disease 46,X,dir dup(X)(q13-q26), and  and how can I find physician(s) in the UK who specialize in disease?

Cluster 121
What are the treatments for breathing difficulties?
What are techniques for  proper breathing?

Cluster 26
Where can I find information and educational materials on disease?
Where can I find information on treatment and resources for disease?
Where can I find information about disease and disease?
Where can I find information and help for disease?
Where can I find information on disease resources, including mobility equipment and caregiver support groups?
Where can I find information on disease and disease, including prevalence, causes, prevention, treatments, and tratment costs?
Where can I find information on disease, including diagnosis and treatment?
Where can I find information and images on disease?
Where can I find information on disease and its causes?
Where can I find information on and treatments for disease?
Where can I find information on disease and treatments?

Cluster 2
How often can disease be performed?
Should I exercise with Zoster virus?
What causes jerking movements during exercise?
What exercises will help disease?
When can I resume exercising  after eye muscle surgery?

Cluster 73
How is disease inherited and diagnosed, and what are the treatments for it?
How is disease with disease (disease) inherited?
How is disease inherited?
How is disease inherited  and what are the treatments for it?
What are the types of disease and how is it inherited?
How is disease inherited and what are the treatments for it?
What is the risk of developing  disease and how is it inherited?

Cluster 55
Where can I find information on disease of the female reproductive system?
What is the latest research on disease and disease in women?

Cluster 71
What percent of babies who contracted disease will eventually develop disease?
What resources are available for overweight children with disease?

Cluster 92
What are treatments for disease, and how can I find physician(s) who specialize in it?
How can I find physician(s)  who specialize in disease?
How can I find physician(s) or hospital(s) who specialize in disease?
How can I find physician(s) or hospital(s) who specialize in disease?
How can I find physician(s) or hospital(s) in Boston who specialize in thalidomide treatments for disease?
What are the treatments for disease and how can I find physician(s) who specialize in it?
How can I find physician(s) who specialize in disease?
How can I find physician(s) who specialize in disease?
How can I find physician(s) in the DC area who specialize in disease?
How can I find physician(s) who specialize in Common disease?
What are the treatments for disease and how can I find physician(s) who specialize in it?
Where can I find information on disease, and how can I find physician(s) or hospital(s) who specialize in it?
How can I find physician(s) or hospital(s) who specialize in disease and disease?

Cluster 91
What are the treatments for stage 3/4 disease?
Is stem cell therapy appropriate for stage 4 disease in remission?

Cluster 40
What is the procedure for inserting a shunt to relieve high fluid pressure in the brain?
Is stem cell therapy used to regrow foreskin?
What is the latest research on using pluripotent stem cells and acellular matrix for  bladder regeneration?

Cluster 48
When is shingles contagious?
Should someone who had shingles get the vaccine?
When is shingles contagious?

Cluster 59
Is mylostat 500 a treatment for disease Major?
Can long term use of steriods cause disease, and what are the treatments for it?

Cluster 45
What are the treatments for pimples?
Are there treatments for a disease other than topical creams and steroids?

Cluster 103
What are the guidelines on wine consumption?

Cluster 74
What prosthetic foot is better for lower amputation: echelon prosthetic foot or  kinterra prosthetic foot?
Is there a treatment to transplant or make amputated legs grow back?
Is leg shortening surgery performed to reduce body height?

Cluster 57
Where can I find information about stem cell therapy for disease?
What are the treatments for disease, including stem cell therapies?
Is stem cell therapy a treatment for Wilson's disease, and how can I find physician(s) or hospital(s) in Mongolia who specialize in it?

Cluster 60
How is disease diagnosed, and are there genetic tests for it?
Where can I get genetic testing for disease in Texas?
Where can I get genetic testing for william's syndrome?
Where can I find information on genetic testing for disease?

Cluster 70
Which organizations provide support for disease in Peru?
What are the symptoms of lupus?
Where can I find information on lupus and what are the treatments for it?

Cluster 90
What are the treatments for disease and can it be cured?
How can I get help for disease?
Can disease due to disease be restored?
What are the treatments for disease and can it be cured?
What options are available for disease repair?
What are the causes of disease and can it heal itself?
Can disease be cured?
Is there a cure for disease?
Has any research been done to characterize which treatment types are effective against which disease types?

Cluster 24
What are the tratments for disease?
What causes pitting disease?
Can Rizatriptan cause disease?
What does disease blood clots indicate?
Do detergents exacerbate disease?

Cluster 53
What is the normal dosage of levothyroxine for disease?
What are dosage guidelines for Daytrana?
What are the latest evidence based treatments for alcohol and opiate withdrawal?
How is "elderly" defined in drug precautions regarding dosage?

Cluster 82
How long does it take to get a hepatitus A blood test result?
How long does it take for Platelet count to return to normal after an disease in a 1-week-old infant?

Cluster 17
What is the latest research on ovary removal as a treatment for disease?
What are the treatments for low sperm count?

Cluster 128
What new treatments are available for disease and disease?
What are the latest treatments for disease?
What is the best treatment for disease?
What new treatments are available for disease?
What is the latest research on disease, and what are the treatments for it?
What new treatments are available for disease?
What new treatments are available for disease?
What causes sudden disease and what are the treatments?
What are the latest treatments for disease?
What is the latest research on and treatments for disease (disease)?

Cluster 76
What are the treatments for lung fluid retention after two years of anti-tuberculosis treatment?
What is the prognosis for disease after double lung transplant?

Cluster 61
What are the success rate and prognosis for disease surgery?
What is the prognosis and course of recovery after disease?
What is the normal time course and symptoms of recovery from simple retropubic prostatectomy?

Cluster 105
Is natalizumab an effective treatment for disease?
Is there a prophylactic drug for exposure to disease?
What is the latest research on D-Limonene as a treatment for disease?
Is Salinomycin a treatment for disease?
What drugs should people with disease (disease) avoid?
Is dalfampridine an effective treatment for disease?

Cluster 84
What are the causes of frozen shoulder, and is there a genetic predisposition?
What are the treatments for broken shoulder?
Can you recommend any treatment for neck and shoulder problems following radical neck dissection for disease?

Cluster 14
What are the active and inactive ingredients of X-OUT WASH-IN TREATMENT- benzoyl peroxide gel?
Is titanium dioxide an inactive ingredient in Equate acetaminophen or Tylenol acetaminophen?
What does w/exertion mean on a prescription for oxygen?
What are the inactive ingredients of pramipexole?

Cluster 62
Is Tolnaftate prescribed for toenail fungus?
What are the treatments for fungus on my leg that does not respond to OTC topical antifungals?

Cluster 81
Is MRSA contagious, and how is it spread?
How is the HIV virus transmitted?

Cluster 54
What are the survival and recurrence rates for disease?
What are the long-term effects of disease, and how can they be treated?
What is the long-term prognosis and complications of disease?
What is the life expectancy of someone with disease?

Cluster 6
What are treatments for disease after disease approved by FDA?
What clinical trials are available for disease?
How do I find case studies in PubMed on disease disease and disease?
What is the latest research on disease and the link to disease?
Where can I find information on disease, including the latest research?
What are the drug treatments for disease?
Who is doing research on disease?
Are there clinical trials for patients with disease?

Cluster 66
What are age-specific reference ranges for PSA?
How and where is Adult Progressive disease diagnosed?

Cluster 43
Why is my blood a light red?
Will a low red blood count return to normal after the responsible medication is stopped?

Cluster 72
How long should you wait to take thyroid medication after eating?
What are normal thyroid levels, and can thyroid problems cause body disease?

Cluster 98
What does "take with food" mean on medication labels?
Are there any precautions for mixing or administering Fomepizole?

Cluster 63
Where can I find information on upper disease, including diagnosis and treatment?
Where can I find information on 16p-13.11 duplication, including symptoms?
Where can I find information on disease icluding treatment?
What are the treatments for X-linked disease?

Cluster 42
Can Cymbalta cause curvature of the spine?
What are the side effects of barium sulfate?

Cluster 46
Where can I find information on htlv-1?
Where can I find information on chromosome 7?
Where can I find information on folgard OS in USA?

Cluster 125
I want to lose my disease belly, what do I do?

Cluster 97
Where can I find detailed information about pediatric and gestational nutrition?
Where can I find information on stage three disease and what are the nutritional guidelines for it?

Cluster 9
How long will it take the FDA to approve the cross linking procedure for disease and are there any clinical trials?
Are there alternative treatments to finasteride for disease?
Can Phentermine be used for disease relief?
Should high Alkaline Phosphatase be treated and can I start treatment for disease?

Cluster 75
What are alternatives to RXS treatment for disease?
What are the causes and treatments of disease, disease, and ringing?
What are the causes of and treatments for eleveted ALT and AST?

Cluster 118
What causes pulmonary artery sling?
What causes disease and what lung complications could arise?

Cluster 111
What are natural remedies for difficulty walking?

Cluster 100
What is exon skipping, and is it an effective treatment for  disease?
Are jumping genes [transposons] associated with disease?

Cluster 39
Where can I find information on Best disease, including inheritance patterns?
What are the inheritance patterns for disease?
Where can I find information about disease, specifically mode of inheritance, symptoms, treatments/ support groups, and relative cost to family?
What are the inheritance patterns for disease?
Where can I find information on disease and inheritance patterns?
Where can I find information on the different types of disease, including causes, treatment, prognosis, diagnosis, symptoms, and inheritance?

Cluster 89
What are the treatment for disease in legs?
What are the treatments for leg nerves?

Cluster 132
Can I wash my hair if I have shingles on my head?

Cluster 94
Is gene therapy available for disease?
Where can I find informaton on gene mutations and disease?
Where can I find information about CTNNB1 mutation?
What are the treatments for genetic mutation STXBP1?

Cluster 124
What could cause part of chromosome 6 missing?

Cluster 134
What are the risks of in vitro fertilization and how much does it cost?

Cluster 64
Where can I purchase topical gabapentin cream and do I need a prescription?
Can I take Metformin pills given to me by someone else?
Where can I find information on clonidine, including dosage, pediatric use, and side effects?

Cluster 114
Where can I find information on disease, including symptoms, treatment, and prognosis?
Where can I find information on disease, including prognosis?
Where can I find information on disease, including prenatal diagnosis and prognosis?

Cluster 95
Where can I find information on physical therapy after disease?
Where can I find information on physical therapy for disease?

Cluster 115
What is the prognosis and potential complications of a kidney transplant?
How do I care for my kidney after renal transplant?

Cluster 112
How can I find physician(s) who specialize in disease surgery near Nashville TN?
Where can I find the latest research on surgery for disease, and and how can I find physician(s) in Palm Springs who specialize in it?
How can I find geriatric psychiatrists in Sun City West Arizona?

Cluster 36
Should a Qvar inhaler be shaken before use?
Can high ammonia levels in the blood affect breathing?

Cluster 31
Is there is a c-pap battery pack that could be used in power outage events?
Can zinc and zinc citrate be taken together?

Cluster 80
What teeth replacements are better for sjogren's: implants or dentures?
Can shingles affect the teeth and gums?

Cluster 130
What resources are available  for Alzheimer's caregivers?

Cluster 93
Is Inderal 40 mg  twice a day equivalent to 80mg time release once a day?

Cluster 123
Where can I find information on leg shortening surgery, including risks, cost, and recovery time?
Where can I find information on ankle implant removal, including recovery and prognosis?
What are treatment options for recovery of limb use after a disease operation?
What is the recovery time and expected activities for hip replacement surgery and a broken femur?

Cluster 12
Can a disease affect the serum creatinine result?
Where can I get information and help for "NUT disease" in the spine?
Where can I find information on vagus nerve stimulation for the treatment of disease and disease?
What are the complications of varicose vein surgery?

Cluster 116
What are the causes of  and treatments for disease?
What  are the causes  and treatments of chronic disease with disease?
What treatments are available for  disease associated with disease?
What are causes of and treatment for chronic disease?

Cluster 28
What antacid is the closest one to Titralac?
What is the difference between Novolin and Novolog and are they interchangeable?

Cluster 20
What are the risks of smoking?
What are the dangers to children of secondhand smoke residue?
What are the adverse effects of coal oil?

Cluster 41
What are the treatments for irregular periods?
What is the difference between residual and recurrent maligancy?

Cluster 99
How can I find dentist(s) to treat toothaches in Puerto Rico?
What is the latest research on stem cell bioengineering of a human whole tooth, including progress and availability?

Cluster 4
What is the maximum dosage of metformin?
Is there an alternative source for Cytra-K Crystals besides Cypress Pharmaceuticals?
Can TDM-1 drug be used to treat brain/lung metastatic cancer?
What is the prognosis for someone with homozygous MTHFR A1298C?

Cluster 65
When are the tests and treatments for carbon monoxide exposure necessary?
How do I dispose of hydrogen peroxide?

Cluster 1
Can masturbation cause disease?
What are the treatments for sensitive, irritated skin on the penis?
Could blister-like bumps on the inside of the vagina be indicative of disease?
What are the treatments for erection problems?

Cluster 37
After a miscarriage of a fetus with disease and 15, what are the chances of a successful pregnancy?
Where can I find information on teen pregnancy?

Cluster 49
What are alternative treatments to Ketoconazole for disease?
What are treatments for Achromobacter xylosoxidans colonisation?
What are the ingredients of coenzyme q10?
What are the ingredients of liquid fluoxetine HCL?

Cluster 106
What is the inheritance pattern of Factor five?

Cluster 13
Are there any researchers interested in testing a family with disease and low IQ for disease?
How can I find someone doing research on technologies for the blind, and what are the treatments for disease?
Where can I find information on laparoscopic splenectomy, including cost?

Cluster 126
What glucosamine sulfate is manufactured only from shellfish shells?

Cluster 33
Where can I find information on rectal damage caused by anal sex?
When do you seek medical care for urinary retention after catheter removal?
Where can I find information on tubal ligation reversal?

Cluster 85
Where can I find information on a baby's skull not closing completely during pregnancy?

Cluster 109
Where can I find information on kartagener's syndrome and its symptoms, including  fertility?

Cluster 117
Are there drug interactions between Hydrochlorothiazide and Tegretol or Lamictal?
Are there any contraindications to taking glucosamine in addition to PRGF treatment for disease and disease?

Cluster 133
What is the half life of Chlordiazepoxide?

Cluster 102
How can I learn how to live with a handicap?

Cluster 108
Is sweating normal during stage five disease?

Cluster 96
For how long can Gabapentin be stored at room temperature?

Cluster 79
Can I put bleach on bed sores?

Cluster 51
How is thrush transmitted?

Cluster 135
Will surgical mesh show up or interfere in a CT scan?

Cluster 120
What could cause disease in the mornings?

Cluster 88
What are the complication of central venous catheters?

Cluster 67
What is the latest research on treatments for disease, including hemp oil?

